Cut a subatlas using some given parameters. The atlas can be cut to a
polygon boundary given by a supplied WKT, and/or cut using a predicate.
In cases where both a predicate and a polygon are supplied, the predicate
cut will be applied before the polygon cut. This can be changed with the
'--slice-first' option. The predicate variable will be interpreted as an AtlasEntity.
For more information about predicates in general, see the PREDICATE section.

In addition to polygons and predicates, the type of cut can be specified using the '--cut-type' option.
This utilizes the AtlasCutType enum with available cut types:

SOFT_CUT: Perform a cut and keep all entities that match the filter or bound. However, bring
in additional atlas entities that did not meet the original criteria, in order to satisfy atlas
integrity. Example: An Atlas Edge is brought in via boundary or filter match, but one of its
Nodes is not. The Node would be brought in, despite not meeting initial criteria, in order to
maintain Atlas integrity.

SILK_CUT: Largely the same as a soft-cut, however there is one important difference. During
soft-cuts, Points are only brought in if they match an Edge. However, this filter is too
restrictive if the cut is being performed before way-sectioning, as in this case all Lines are
potential Edge candidates and must have Points associated with their coordinates preserved.
Silk-cut will perform an extra check so that all Lines being included will have any Points
associated with their coordinates preserved as well, allowing way-sectioning to run on these
Atlases. On a country sliced and way sectioned atlas, silk-cut and soft-cut should be equivalent.

HARD_CUT_ALL: Perform a cut, only keep entities that match the bound or filter. If including
the item in the final Atlas breaks Atlas integrity, exclude that entity. Example: An Edge is
brought in via boundary or filter match, but its start or end Node is omitted. As a result, the
Edge is left out of the final Atlas.

HARD_CUT_RELATIONS_ONLY: Perform a soft cut and maintain Atlas integrity for all Atlas Items.
For all Relations - perform a hard cut and only include members that satisfy the given predicate
or bound. This case will remove Relations altogether if no members satisfy the required
conditions.
